The sweat drops drawn in cartoon comic strips are called pleuts.
Babies are most likely to be born on Tuesdays.
The HyperMart outside of Garland Texas has 58 check-outs.
The Minneapolis phone book has 21 pages of Andersons.
In the 1980's American migraines increased by 60%.
Poland is the 'stolen car capital of the world'.
Jefferson invented the dumbwaiter, the monetary system, and the folding attic ladder.
The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.", "In Miconesia, coins are 12 feet across.
A horse can look forward with one eye and back with the other.
Shakespeare is quoted 33,150 times in the Oxford English dictionary.
The word Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.
NBA superstar Michael Jordan was originally cut from his high school basketball team.
You spend 7 years of your life in the bathroom.
A family of 26 could go to the movies in Mexico city for the price of one in Tokyo.
10,000 Dutch cows pass through the Amsterdam airport each year.
Approximately every seven minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls their hamstring.
Simplistic passwords contribute to over 80% of all computer password break-ins.
The top 3 health-related searches on the Internet are (in this order): Depression, Allergies, & Cancer.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older.
The first owner of the Marlboro company died of lung cancer.
All US Presidents have worn glasses; some just didn't like being seen wearing them in public.
Mosquito repellents don't repel. They hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito's sensors so they don't know you're there.
Walt Disney was afraid of mice.
The site with the highest number of women visitors between the age of 35 and 44 years old: Alka-Seltzer.com
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache.", "Pearls melt in vinegar.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs.
Thirty-five percent of people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth are Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser (in that order).
Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms of their hands.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a 'Friday the 13th'.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene.
The mask worn by Michael Myers in the original 'Halloween' was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games--MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL--are the day before and the day after the Major League All-Star Game.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
When the French Academy was preparing its first dictionary, it defined 'crab' as, 'A small red fish, which walks backwards.' This definition was sent with a number of others to the naturalist Cuvier for his approval.  The scientist wrote back, 'Your definition, gentlemen, would be perfect, only for three exceptions. The crab is not a fish, it is not red and it does not walk backwards.'
Dr. Jack Kevorkian first patient has Alzheimer's disease.
Fictional/horror writer Stephen King sleeps with a nearby light on to calm his fear of the dark.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.
It was discovered on a space mission that a frog can throw up. The frog throws up its stomach first, so the stomach is dangling out of its mouth. Then the frog uses its forearms to dig out all of the stomach's contents and then swallows the stomach back down.
The very first song played on MTV was 'Video Killed The Radio Star' by the Buggles.
William Marston engineered one of the earliest forms of the polygraph in the early 1900's. Later he went on to create the comic strip Wonder Woman, a story about a displaced Amazon princess who forces anyone caught in her magic lasso to tell the truth
Americans travel 1,144,721,000 miles by air every day
The the U.S. you dial '911'. In Stockholm, Sweden you dial 90000
38% of American men say they love their cars more than women
The U.S. military operates 234 golf courses", "100% of lottery winners do gain weight
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.", "A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
Cats urine glows under a black light.", "In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of 'Lorne Greene's Wild Kingdom.'
Pamela Anderson Lee is Canada's Centennial Baby, being the first baby born on the centennial anniversary of Canada's independence.
Pinocchio is Italian for 'pine head.'
When possums are playing 'possum', they are not 'playing.' They actually pass out from sheer terror.
Who's that playing the piano on the 'Mad About You' theme? Paul Reiser himself.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.", "Most lipstick contains fish scales!
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn't wear pants!
There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building!
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand!
The placement of a donkey's eyes in its' heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!
Over 1000 birds a year die from smashing into windows!
The state of Florida is bigger than England!", "Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons!
Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours!
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue!
Honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes!", "A jellyfish is 95 percent water!
In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals!
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs!
Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States!
166,875,000,000 pieces of mail are delivered each year in the US
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head", "Daffy Duck's middle name is 'Dumas'
In Disney's Fantasia, the Sorcerer's name is 'Yensid' (Disney backwards.)
In The Empire Strikes Back there is a potato hidden in the asteroid field
Walt Disney holds the world record for the most Academy Awards won by one person, he has won twenty statuettes, and twelve other plaques and certificates
James Bond's car had three different license plates in Goldfinger
Canada makes up 6.67 percent of the Earth's land area
South Dakota is the only U.S state which shares no letters with the name of it's capital
The KGB is headquartered at No. 2 Felix Dzerzhinsky Square, Moscow
The Vatican city registered 0 births in 1983", "Spain leads the world in cork production
There are 1,792 steps in the Eiffel Tower
There are 269 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand while drawing with the other
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.", "Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses. No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
The average secretary’s left hand does 56% of the typing.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
There are more chickens than people in the world (at least before that chicken-flu thing).
Two-thirds of the world’s eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is 'screeched.'
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
'Dreamt' is the only English word that ends in the letters 'mt'.
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies’ room during a dance.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
There are only four words in the English language which end in 'dous': tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
Los Angeles’s full name is 'El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula'. And can be abbreviated to 3.63% of its size, 'L.A.'
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.", "An ostrich’s eye is bigger than it’s brain.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
Al Capone’s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers plays football at home, the stadium becomes the state’s third largest city.
The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra’s 'Its A Wonderful Life'
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.", "A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.", "A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the '1' encased in the 'shield' and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.
It’s impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.", "The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
Who’s that playing the piano on the 'Mad About You' theme? Paul Reiser himself.
The male gypsy moth can 'smell' the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away (pretty good trick).
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
The name for Oz in the 'Wizard of Oz' was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence 'Oz.'
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.", "John Lennon’s first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
'Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
The 'pound' key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
The 'dot' over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.
The original story from 'Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights' begins, 'Aladdin was a little Chinese boy.'
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life. What about milk you say? A cow has to eat grass to produce milk and grass are living.
Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters: A, E, I, O, U, H, K, L, M, N, P, W
Honey is the only food that does not spoil.
And one single teaspoon of honey represents the life work of 12 bees.
Flamingos only can eat with their heads upside down.
Lighter was invented ten years before the match was.
It’s physically impossible for a pig to look up at the sky.
The first internet domain name to ever be registered is Symbolics.com on March 15th, 1985.
Humans are born with 350 bones in their body, but when reaching adulthood, we only 260.
There are 150 verses in Greek national anthem which making it the longest national anthem in the world.
This is impossible to tickle yourself.", "A typical pencil can draw a line that is 35 miles long.
Astronauts get taller in space due to the lack of gravity.
The total surface area of human lungs is 750 square feet. That’s roughly the same area as on-side of a tennis court.
Mosquitos have contributed to more deaths than any animals on earth.
An octopus has 3 hearts, 9 brains & blue blood.
The hair on a polar bear is actually not white but clear. They appear white because it reflects light.
A chameleon can move its eyes in two different directions at the same time.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter and actually low in fat.
A giraffe can go longer without water than a camel can.
Australia has the biggest camel population in the world.", "Snails can sleep up to 3 years.
Methane gases produced by cow products as much pollution as cars do.
The majority of the duct in your house is made up from your own dead skin.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.", "Most ice-cream contains pig skins (Gelatin).
The Philippine island of Luzon contains a lake that contains an island that contains a lake that contains another island.
Hudson Bay Area in Canada had less gravity than rest of the world and scientists do not know why.
Only one to two percent of the entire world population are natural redheads.
Sloppy handwriting has doctors kills more than 7,000 people and injures more than 1.5million people annually due to getting the wrong medication.
Putting sugar on a wound or cut will greatly reduce pain and shorten healing process.
Real diamonds do not show up in X-ray.
Due to extreme pressure and weather conditions, it literally rains diamonds on Neptune and Uranus.
There are 7 different kinds of twins: Identical, Fraternal, Half-Identical, Mirror Image Twins, Mixed Chromosome Twins, Superfecundation and Superfetation.
Before the 17th century, carrots were actually purple. They didn’t get their orange color until mutation occupied.
If the sun is scaled down to the size of a white blood cell, the Milky Way would be equal the size of the United States.
A grammatical pedantry syndrome is a form of OCD in which suffers feel the need to correct every grammatical error that they see.
Scorpions can hold their breath underwater for up to 6 days.
In zero gravity, a candle’s flame is round and blue.
Only 8 percent of the world’s money exists in physical form, the rest is in computers.
Crows are able to recognize human faces and even hold grudges against ones that they don’t like.
Your cellphone carries up to ten times more bacteria than a toilet seat.
Humans and bananas share about 50 percent of the same DNA.
Humans have fewer chromosomes than a potato.
An American Pharmacist named John Pemberton invented Coca-Cola who advertises it as a nerve tonic for curing headaches and fatigue.
Statistically, you are more likely to die on the way to buy a lottery ticket than you are to win the lottery itself.
The word checkmate comes from the Arabic which means 'the king is dead.'
Hot water turns to ice faster than cool water. This is known as the Mpemba effect.
Apollo 7 Mission was the first 'astronaut ice cream' flew in space. However, it was so unpopular among astronauts and was retired from the menu after only one trip into space.
Apollo 8 astronauts were the first to celebrate Christmas in space.
IV Is The Roman Numeral designation for 4 everywhere. However, on the clock face, 4 is displayed as 'IIII'.
The Apple Macintosh had the signatures Of its design team engraved inside its case.
Japan has the most vending machines per capita, a staggering 1:23.
A study by University Chicago in 1915, it concluded that the easiest color to spot at a distance is the color yellow. Which is why the most popular color for taxi cabs are yellow.
Japanese police declare murders that they cannot solve as suicides, in order to save faces and keep crime rate artificially low.
The smallest poisonous frogs only 10 millimeters (0.393701 inch) in length.
Farting helps to reduce blood pressure and is good for your overall health.
In 1994, the US Air Force did research on creating a gay bomb (are informal names for theoretical non-lethal chemical weapon) which is a non-lethal bomb containing very strong human sexual pheromones that would make the enemy forces attracted to each other.
There are around 1,584 people in the United States named 'Seven'.
The classic heart shape that we all know was meant to be two hearts fused together.
The water we drink is older than the sun. The sun is 4.6 billion years old.
The water on our planet is very old. The water we have now is the same water that existed hundreds of millions of year ago. The next time you drink a glass of water, you could be about to sip on dinosaur pee.
Meanwhile, about 40% of Americans think humans and dinosaurs existed at the same time.
Nobody knows who named our planet 'Earth'.
Michael Nicholson from Michigan. He has one bachelor’s degree, two associate’s degrees, 22 master’s degrees, three specialist degrees and one doctoral degree, making him the most credentialed person in history.
Practicing a kill in your head will make you better at it, but only if you’re already good at it.
If two identical twins have children with another pair of identical twins, then their children will genetically be full siblings.
In Biertan village (located in Transylvania, Romania) the church had a 'divorce-reconciliation room.' Couples that wanted to get a divorce had to live in a room for two weeks with one small bed, one chair, one table, one plate and one spoon. In 300 years, they only had one divorce.
Killing a panda in China is a seriously crime. It is punishable by death.
December 4th is the National Cookie Day!
Beards can slow the aging process by stopping water from leaving the skin, keeping it moisturized.
A survey found that 33% of men and 43% of women claimed that they had fallen in love with someone they did not initially find attractive.
Most people dream in color, but those who grow up watching television in black and white are more likely to dream in black and white.
Mixing your drinks with diet soda can get you drunk about 18% faster than regular soda. Hummm…
Koalas can sleep for up to 20 hours a day.
